KCSEU 2023 Web Site stubbed out (#367)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/events/2023/kcseu/location.md

---
title: "Location & Venue"
type: docs
weight: 4

> draft: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

> ### Feria Valencia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### RAI Amsterdam
```

Registration and badge pick-up will be available at the
<a href="https://www.rai.nl/en" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">RAI Amsterdam</a>. 
You **MUST** go through vaccination verification and pick up your badge before
attending the summit or evening social event.

> The summit itself will be TODO of the Feria Valencia Event Center. Masks are recommended, but not required for event attendees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The summit itself will be in the RAI Amsterdam Convention Centre. Masks are recommended, but not required for event attendees.
```

**Address**<br>

> Av. de les Fires, s/n, 46035<br>
> València, Spain<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Europaplein 24, 1078 GZ<br>
Amsterdam, Netherlands<br>
```

> ### La Casa de la Mar
> 
> The Contributor Social will be held at the
> <a href="https://lacasadelamar.com/espacios-patacona/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">La Casa de la Mar</a>
> several kilometers from the Feria. CNCF will be providing a bus from the Fiera
> to the venue, and our community will also organize ride-sharing. Details to be 
> posted later.  Masking and vaccination are required for the party.
> 
> **Address**<br>
> Avenida Vicente Blasco Ibañez Novelist, 8.<br>
> CP. 46120 – Alboraya<br>
> Valencia, Spain<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Contributor Social Location

The Contributor Social will be held at a TBD location. Details to be posted later.  Masking and vaccination are required for the party.

**Address**<br>
TBD<br>
```
